I was thinking about starting writing a blog for a very long time, but I was so distracted with many things and couldn't find a reason for myself to do it. However, I couldn't run away from it for too long. My brain is declining over the time and I need a way to sharpen my mind for my future use. There are a lot of benefits to write a blog, but I've never been liking a writing. I have been hating a writing since I was a kid. I don't like writing stuff since I don't know what to express. I alwasys got a low score in the literacy class and I've never been proud of my writing. Up until now, I got graduated and got a job. Everything for me is like a miracle. For the person who is not good at writing. I'm still able to become a success person somehow.

I believe writing is a good way to express my idea. I was very bad at describing things and I have to repeat myself in many ways just to explain one thing. I'm seeing this is my problem and I've never try to look for a fix. However, the problem becomes more and more impacting my career and my life. I couldn't explain to my colleague what my responsiblity in my team as well as answering some technical questions even though I am fully knowledge about it. I always admire people who can simply describe thing. They could link a problem to a day to day thing that we have seen and explain like it's a common problem they are trying to solve. As Einstein said, "If you can't explain something in simple terms, you don't understand it." I want to be able to explain things easily as well, but there is a limitation of my words choice and the way how I use words. I was mistakening that maybe my speaking isn't good. That's why I couldn't say it in details. Well, after I keep facing it every day, I figured out it's just an excuse. I just don't good at expressing myself in English. I need to find a way to practice it and I believe writing is the way. So I'll set up a goal for myself to do writing a few times a week, and I'll try to talk about all the things that I couldn't speak it smoothly in my daily life and see if I could get improved with this way.

I hope this is a good way to regain my memorizing skill. My memory becomes worse recently and I couldn't remember what I did just a few days ago. This bothers a lot of people including me, and this can impact my learning skill as well. I love learning new stuffs but what's a use if I couldn't remember it. 

Writing is a work out for my brain. Like doing exercise, I need find things for my brain to work as well.

For the first blog, I was planning not to write too much since I guess my brain is not used to this king of thing. However, my thought just keeps coming out since I was thinking about this for too long and keep postponing the practice. I hope I can structure a topic that I want to say in some of my next blogs. I feel very positive about this since I eventually start writing. It's been a long time and I'm happy that I can do this. I look forward to seeing myself if I become better at this and I need to keep a descipline about this habit so that it has time to got improved. That's the most difficult task after making a start. However, I believe I can do this.
